README.md, before:

# managecourse #

Features
--------
- Render courses count. 
- Render courses count in hour, day, week and month.
- Render course names which has enrol as manager, coursecreator, editingteacher or teacher role order by timecreated DESC.
- Render course file size order by DESC.
- Render all grades order by userid ASC.
- Render grades as user name.

TODO
--------
- Implement useful features concerning course for admins.

## License ##

2020 Shintaro Fujiwara <shintaro dot fujiwara at gmail dot com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

add grade page to select from course name

README.md, after:

# managecourse #

Features
--------
- Render courses count. 
- Render courses count in hour, day, week and month.
- Render course names which has enrol as manager, coursecreator, editingteacher or teacher role order by timecreated DESC.
- Render course file size order by DESC.
- Render all grades order by userid ASC.
- Render grades of user(s) selected by user name and course name ASC.

TODO
--------
- Implement useful features concerning course for admins.

## License ##

2020 Shintaro Fujiwara <shintaro dot fujiwara at gmail dot com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
